TF migration docs - round 2 (#2037)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/test-fairy/platforms/lumberyard.md

2. In your app, explore every area in every level to ensure that all shader permutations required for the app are generated.

3. Once you complete exploring all included levels, close the app.

4. Embed the shader PAK files into your app or put them in a remotely accessible location where your app can access later. PAK files are located in **lumberyard_version\dev\Build\es3\game_project_name** folder. For more details, refer to [this](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lumberyard/latest/userguide/android-shaders-building.html).

## Step 6 - Build

1. Using a command line app or terminal, navigate to **lumberyard_version\dev** folder.

2. Determine your build's target CPU architecture. (that is, armv8)

3. Determine your build's type. (that is, profile, debug, release)

4. Run the following command to build your APK. Make sure the CPU arch and build type is set correctly in the following command:

   ```bash
   REM : replace 'armv8' and release 'words' if necessary.

   lmbr_waf.bat -p all build_android_armv8_clang_release --package-projects-automatically=True
   ```

> ## Step 7 - Upload to TestFairy

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 7 - Upload To TestFairy
```

Once your APK is built, you can choose your favourite upload method to finalize distribution. Make sure the correct CPU architecture is set for the project binaries path.

> To upload with **curl**, run the following command in **lumberyard_version\dev\BinAndroidCPU_ARCHClang** folder. Make sure your APK file name is set correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
To upload with **curl**, run the following command in **lumberyard_version\dev\BinAndroidCPU_ARCHClang** folder. Make sure your APK filename is set correctly.
```
